This paper proposes a dynamical system (DS) that operates in joint
space and converges to a desired position in task space - orientation
and position. For doing so, the authors use a linear parameter varying
system and use dimensionality reduction to learn these parameters
efficiently. I think the paper is well written, experiments are well
conducted and
explained, and the results are promising. I especially appreciate the
effort the authors put in reproducing the results taking orientation of
the goal into account. Some more comments for authors:

1. It is not immediately clear how the authors measure "distance" or
error in orientation space. Does H(q) return a rotation matrix? How do
the authors measure difference between rotation matrices?

2. In Section III, what is the "task-space velocity of a proportional
controller"?

3. It might be worth mentioning other research in the graphics
community which develops low-order representations of full-body
movements, and also possibly extend the present work to full body
motions. [1]
[1] Safonova, Alla, Jessica K. Hodgins, and Nancy S. Pollard.
"Synthesizing physically realistic human motion in low-dimensional,
behavior-specific spaces." ACM Transactions on Graphics (ToG) 23.3
(2004): 514-521.

4. Of course the current work is kinematic plans alone, it would be
interesting to see how such low-dimensional plans could be generated in
dynamic tasks which also include external forces, etc. 

5. I would like to see a comparison with classical DMPs (without
orientations) which are fairly successful at reproducing the motions
described in this text, and converge to goal as well. On the other
hand, authors could explain why they do not hold for the current
problems at hand in the text. I believe they will have singularity
issues similar to SEDS, but would avoid obstacles from demonstration.

Overall, I think this is an interesting paper. It is well written and
easy to read. I like the thoroughness of experiments on hardware, but
some dynamic tasks would be interesting to see. 
