This paper deals with the problem of controlling a manipulator towards
a desired attractor in the task space by exploiting local synergies
defined in the joint space and combined in time and space in order to
obtain desired behaviours. This method does not require the computation
of the pseudo-inverse Jacobian and hence is able to pass through
singular configurations. The most similar approach is the Jacobian
transpose control method that shares the same advantages but that does
not include the learning of behaviours from demonstrations that seems
to bring some benefits. 

The paper is well written and quite easy to follow. The cited
literature is also appropriated and complete. However, some criticisms
follows:

1) My first concern regards you choice of representing the demonstrated
movement as a sequence of postures and hence looking for synergies by
using PCA of K-PCA analysis. Why not using functional PCA (f-PCA)
analysis and determine the few moving synergies that make possible the
execution of the demonstrated behaviours? It would be that, when you
combine the local synergies in space and time by using functions
\theta_k(q), you get what you might obtain by using directly f-PCA.
However, the last one are valid for the whole movement and can be
combined by constant coefficients.

2) I also found the paper lacking of physical intuitions, especially in
the experimental part, about the entities introduced in previous
sections. In particular, what is the lesson we learn after your
analysis of synergies and the obtained lower dimensional space for the
few movements shown in section V? Is it possible to extract some global
synergic behavior?
Moreover, in section IV.A authors introduce the function phi(q) named
the embedding that maps the joint configuration into a lower
dimensional space. Is it associated to a whole behaviour or, as
matrices A_k, has a local validity? I lost this point. Can you
show/report or describe what it represents in the joint space for one
or more cases in Section V? What is this lower dimensional space for
the cases in Section V? 

3) A similar question for the matrices A_k that represent local, I
would say postural (see previous comment), synergies whose dimension is
m x m, i.e. in joint space: I would expect they were defined in the
lower dimensional space. Moreover, are they local representation of the
distribution of postures and hence covariance matrices? What do their
eigenvectors and eigenvalues locally represent? Maybe, a comparison
with the classical and more known postural synergies for the human
hand, analyzed by PCA, could be useful. Finally, what does it mean that
they should be positive definite (apart from stability issue)?

4) What is the dimension of function \theta_k(q) that, to some extent,
can be seen as the new control variables. Is it K<m?

5) For the test, why not comparing also with the JT control method? In
other terms, is it possible to use a SEDS + JT, especially for the
third case "Transiting through singular configurations"?

Minors:
- SEDS + IK: what does SEDS mean?